Long, long ago, in dark and ancient times
we lived in a world without kitten gifs.
Then, in 345 BC (before cats), the internet arrived.
All creatures rejoiced.
They discovered something that brought great happiness and meaning to their lives.
Cute, fluffy animals.
They searched the web for more and more, from giant pandas to playful puppies.
Suddenly, kittens grew more popular...
and started to appear all over the Internet Universe.
For a long time, you wandered the outskirts... lost and alone.
Then one day, some kittens found you.
The kittens named you Arca. They were the only family you’d ever had.
Until one by one, they started going missing...